-Hey!
-What?
You all seem very relaxed.
Are we not worthy enough for you?
Bring it on, Class A!
Let's settle the score today!
CLASS A VS CLASS B
The Hero Course of U.A. High
Class A and Class B
are in a joint training battle.
In the first battle,
Shinso's Quirk successfully disrupted
the coordination of Class B,
securing victory for Class A.
Very well, let's go!
-Yes!
Please scout ahead for us, Tokoyami.
Roger. Dark Shadow.
Yes!
Report back
as soon as you spot the enemies.
Leave it to me!
The second battle has begun.
I'll be right back.
Everyone, scatter!
The surprise attack from Kuroiro
of Class B caught Class A off guard.
Help!
But Tokoyami countered with his new move,
"Black Fallen Angel."
The battle is now seesawing
between the two teams.
Navel Buffet!
I found him, Hagakure!
Yes, I'll get him this time!
-That's as far as you can get.
-There is nowhere to run.
We didn't expect you to operate solo.
But every unexpected outcome
is already within my expectation!
You saw this coming.
Stop right there!
Surrender!
Mushrooms!
I knew it.
Kendo anticipated your expectations!
Just as Kendo foresaw.
If I see the light,
that means Kuroiro's plan A failed.
Plan B commences.
You'll all be covered in mushrooms.
No!
People can see me with these mushrooms!
This is embarrassing!
The reproductive power is incredible!
Mushrooms have covered the whole field.
I can't see Kuroiro.
This is…
It must be Class B's tactic.
Black wood cauliflower mushrooms!
Yellow knight mushrooms!
Enoki mushrooms.
Inky cap mushrooms!
Grow!
Mesmerize the world with your charm!
Kinoko Komori.
Hero name: Shemage.
Quirk: Mushroom.
She can spread fungus spores
from her body.
The spores spread better
in humid environments!
The mushrooms can even grow on people?
This is like a horror movie!
Her mushrooms will disappear
after two to three hours.
There won't be any side effects.
This is also why she has a bad habit
of spreading the spores everywhere.
The mushrooms are growing on the cameras!
This is so gross.
Our Plan A is to take control
of Dark Shadow
to launch a surprise attack.
Our opponents will definitely
send Dark Shadow after us.
The is a low-risk
yet highly efficient tactic.
They would never expect Kuroiro's improved
Quirk can take control of Dark Shadow.
That will be our chance
to capture one of them.
Help!
It's easier said than done.
Nice speech.
What if I failed?
Wouldn't that put us at risk?
The opponent must use light
to counter your Quirk.
We can locate them
with the light they emit.
When they unleash the light,
Dark Shadow can't attack violently.
Even if Kuroiro failed,
we would be able to surround
and take them out.
Plan A failed.
It's time to retreat for now.
Let's put Plan B into motion.
I'm counting on you, Kinoko!
The mushrooms keep popping up!
This is driving me crazy!
Judging by their two-phase combo,
they anticipated our tactic
to counter Kuroiro.
Impressive, Kendo.
Everyone, calm down.
Let's regroup for now.
Ka-boom! Bang! Blam! Bonk!
What?
This is…
Something is coming out!
I'm so amazing.
The impact of that effect
manifested perfectly!
My spirit is all fired up!
Burp!
Class B, Manga Fukidashi.
Hero Name: Comicman.
Quirk: Comic.
He can materialize words
used in speech bubbles in midair
simply by speaking them.
He can even manipulate the effect
by using different onomatopoeia.
Pop! Thud!
What is going on?
Yao-Momo! Where are you?
My laser has no effect on it.
Jimejime…
What is this?
Jimejime?
No! It's a humidifier!
More mushrooms are growing on me!
They are everywhere!
Invisible Girl!
This is disgusting.
Komori and Fukidashi
saved Kuroiro from his predicament.
Their continuous long-range attack
is putting Class A in a tight spot!
This is Class B's true potential!
Stop your bias broadcast!
-Stop it!
They must deal with two opponents
with long-range attacks.
Not to mention…
Can Fukidashi use his Quirk
in foreign languages?
Who knows?
Deku, look!
That wall isolated Yaoyorozu
from her teammates.
Could it be…
This is what they have been after!
I'm isolated.
Their true target is…
We cornered the master strategist.
Now is the time
to fight with all we've got!
She crushed the tungsten shield so easily.
Class B, Itsuka Kendo.
Hero Name: Battle Fist.
Quirk: Big Fist.
She can change the size of her fists.
The bigger they become,
the more powerful they are!
You won't even have time to react!
I can do this all day!
You can only create with matter
inside your body.
So you'll be the first to fall!
I can't stop.
It was the same during the sports day.
I must not give her the opening to think.
I'll overwhelm her with my raw might!
She gained the upper hand
in the blink of an eye!
She has the perfect strategy!
I told you! She is brilliant
and she makes calm judgments!
That's our beloved Kendo!
We don't know that yet.
What?
If they are restraining Yaoyorozu
by isolating her from the team,
it might be a miscalculation.
What?
Yaoyorozu, you have something, right?
But even your plan didn't work,
so mine wouldn't…
Don't worry, and just say it!
I'm saying that
you're more qualified to do this!
When we voted on the class representative,
you had two votes, right?
One of them was me!
Because I thought you would be
capable of things like that!
I have it, Todoroki.
I have one.
A special operation to win!
I had thought of this from the beginning.
If they want to restrain Yaoyorozu,
they should have taken her out
with an all-out attack.
Maybe she had foreseen
the situation she is facing right now.
Yaoyorozu has the better Quirk and grades.
But people are comparing me to her.
That really gets on my nerves.
That is not true, Kendo.
That's far from being true.
Even now, I'm still inexperienced.
But since you think so highly of me,
I can't show you
the vulnerable side of me.
Since she anticipated the situation,
she will have a way
to turn the battle around.
That's what she specializes in.
Momo.
Show them the results of your training.
I'll show them how strong I've become!
Are you kidding me?
She has a canon!
It takes quite a while
to build a weapon this massive!
MOMO YAOYOROZU
QUIRK: CREATION
SHE CAN CREATE ANY OBJECT FROM HER BODY
ITSUKA KENDO
QUIRK: BIG FIST
SHE CAN WRAP A PERSON WITH BOTH HER HANDS
I don't see Kuroiro anywhere.
I lost visuals on Hagakure too.
Should we regroup with Yaoyorozu
on the other side?
Or should we…
Can't Stop Twinkling!
Help!
Mushrooms…
What? Cursed fungi!
They got me!
Go!
BOUNCE
SWING
AHEM
My throat is starting to hurt.
Invisible Girl!
Not only did they isolate Yaoyorozu,
but they can also hide themselves
while using large-scale attacks
to surround us.
They are strong.
Strong and annoying.
Komori.
Fukidashi.
Kuroiro.
If we don't find out
where they are hiding,
the battle is basically over.
I must find a way to break through this.
Are you kidding me?
She has a canon!
It takes quite a while
to build a weapon this massive!
Hey! She could kill someone
with that thing!
She seems to like canons a lot.
Is she really going to fire that thing?
No.
Is she bluffing?
Will she tear down Fukidashi's wall?
I'm sorry if I startled you.
That was too close!
I have to expand my fists
before she fires the canon.
Double Jumbo Fist!
She didn't use it on the wall.
What did she fire?
From the moment you closed in on us
for close-range combat,
perhaps I was already losing.
However, to secure our victory…
That sound…
It wasn't from Fukidashi.
It's from the other side of this wall.
That was…
Yaoyorozu!
Dark Shadow!
Roger!
This is…
Hi, Komori.
What was that? I didn't catch that.
I caught him.
I caught Aoyama.
Nicely done, Kuroiro!
I'm counting on you
to capture the rest of them.
Yes.
Well done, Kuroiro.
Our enemies have no idea where we are.
We'll keep pushing with my mushrooms.
Okay.
Hey, Komori.
Mushroom?
Class A shouldn't know
where we are, right?
Night-vision goggles.
I can see how they are spying on us.
When you stare into the abyss,
it's staring right back at you!
Lucky Bag?
Like a gift bag?
I can hold this.
These are…
Goggles and ethanol?
And a disinfectant spray?
Judging by the design of these goggles,
I think they are meant for you.
She sent a message
without using a single word.
Everyone, calm down.
Let's regroup for now.
Yaoyorozu, did you foresee this…
all the way back then?
Oh, no!
Tokoyami is coming this way!
I'm right here for you.
STARTLED
I was curious why the mushrooms
don't grow on your team.
So you have already
disinfected yourselves.
Where is she?
I'm not going to tell you!
WHERE IS SHE?
STOP IT
There will be an opening
as long as I can locate them.
He is headed this way!
You will not escape the gust of wrath!
Just as Hawks taught me,
speed will outshine raw power!
Black Ankh!
Sabbath!
BLACK ANKH: SABBATH
Mushroom!
Komori!
He's fast!
No, I must hide in the shadows!
Are you looking for darkness?
Why don't you use my cloak?
Hey…
You're not a threat if you can't move.
Fumikage, I got the girl!
Incredible!
He captured two of them at once.
This is a comeback!
This is all thanks to Yao-Momo's items.
Yes!
Hagakure has the upper hand as well.
They can win by outnumbering Kendo!
Dark Shadow, put them into jail…
Fumikage.
Sorry.
I don't like this move,
so I've kept it a secret.
But seeing our victory is at stake,
I have no choice but to use it.
My throat…
These are split gill mushrooms.
They attack your lungs.
Komori is not a powerful combatant,
but she is a force to be reckoned with.
You got sloppy thinking
this is merely training, Tokoyami.
You should have knocked her out first.
Eat this!
I can't see anything!
This is so confusing!
I must defeat Fukidashi,
so I can aid my friends!
Tokoyami and Yao-Momo might be in danger!
Invisible Girl, you're invincible!
THAT HURT
I'm sorry for being late.
Kendo, you saved me.
What's with that?
Don't worry. I knocked her out.
But she got the better of me.
She tied herself to me
along with the canon.
That makes it hard for me to move.
Everything she creates
is based on her foresight.
I just can't defeat her.
You saved us both, Komori.
It's only natural to help a friend.
Kendo, Fukidashi, are you all right?
I think so.
Fumikage!
Komori, you used that spore?
We would have lost had I not used it.
Indeed.
Class A is formidable indeed.
They are very strong.
You bring honor to Class B, Kendo!
Great!
Yaoyorozu, I hope you don't
get depressed over this.
Yaoyorozu could make a great leader.
I feel so satisfied with their display
of Plus Ultra spirit.
They lost the battle,
but with Tokoyami's new move
and Yaoyorozu's foresight for battle,
I can see you've grown much over time.
You've taken another step forward.
One step closer to your dream…
One step closer…
-…of becoming a hero!
-to becoming a hero!
WELCOME
In the second battle,
Class B won with a score of 4-0!
Well done, Class B! Congratulations!
Stop your bias broadcast!
-Stop it!
Congratulations!
Next episode…
It's the battle
between Class A and Class B.
With both teams winning one battle,
the third battle is about to begin.
With Iida's speed
and Todoroki's powerful Quirk,
they should have the advantage
in this battle.
Fight on, Class A.
Next episode, "Match 3!"
Class B will shine even brighter
with Honenuki's flexibility.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!